what sort of friends do you see amongst
your clientele
do you have women from the non-solid
circles visiting you as well
India has changed a lot I used to be in
practice in India in about 2003 and now
I'm in practice in India and 2012 and it
looks like a different country I
remember I was in Hyderabad in 2003 and
literally there were no cosmetic
surgeries coming in because people
thought cosmetic surgeries were four
people who were vain and think even
caring about looks was something which
was a taboo and Indian social culture
now things have changed I see most
Pagani straps on the street than I do in
California sometimes so India seems to
be changing really quickly the amount of
disposable income has increased and with
that everyone has started believing that
you live only once and therefore you
have a choice to look the best you can
at that point in time so I see in my
clientele nowadays hardly 10% of
celebrities in that sense it's the
common man people like you and me we
want to go ahead and get surgery done
because like a patient of mine who was
60 years old so this patient of mine was
60 years old was the general manager of
a public sector oil company so he's
probably not the richest man in the
world but he turns around and he says
look I'm 60 if I can at 60 I can look
like I'm 40 and I can afford it
why shouldn't I so I think that's the
major mega shift which has occurred in
the thinking by which people are turning
around and saying look I'm only one life
I'd better make the best of it I have
the income generated which is in excess
and I can take care of my needs and
looking good has almost become like
wearing an Armani suit if I can afford
it I will do it
that's the mega change that I see which
has come about in my profession in the
over the last couple of years
doctor was a pleasure having you thank
you for joining us thank you for having
me here for more such information
related to your health
log on to Health star India com